Calling out default permissions (#8621)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/about-access.md

- **Member:** This group is for the general members of your organization. Default permissions are broad, restricting only access to features that can alter billing or security. By default, <Constant name="cloud" /> adds new users to this group.
- **Everyone:** A general group for all members of your organization. Customize the permissions to fit your organizational needs. By default, <Constant name="cloud" /> adds new users to this group.

:::note default group permissions

The `Owner` and `Member` groups have default permission sets:

> - **Starter plan:** These groups use the `Owner` and `Member` [permission sets](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/cloud/manage-access/self-service-permissions#table-of-groups-licenses-and-permissions), respectively.

Reviewer: I know it's cumbersome but it might be best to be specific here:
```suggestion
- **Starter plan:** The `Owner` and `Member` groups use the `Owner` and `Member` [permission sets](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/cloud/manage-access/self-service-permissions#table-of-groups-licenses-and-permissions), respectively.
```

> - **Starter plan:** The `Owner` and `Member` groups use the `Owner` and `Member` [permission sets](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/cloud/manage-access/self-service-permissions#table-of-groups-licenses-and-permissions), respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Starter plan:** The `Owner` and `Member` groups use the `Owner` and `Member` [permission sets](/docs/cloud/manage-access/self-service-permissions#table-of-groups-licenses-and-permissions), respectively.
```

> - **Enterprise plans:** The `Owner` group has permissions equivalent to [`Account Admin`](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#account-admin), and the `Member` group has permissions equivalent to [`Admin`](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#admin).

Reviewer: Bringing the "permission set" language into this one and using "by default because it appears like I can change these permissions and even rename groups?
```suggestion
- **Enterprise plans:** By default, dbt assigns the `Owner` group an [`Account Admin`](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#account-admin) permission set, and the `Member` group an [`Admin`](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#admin) permission set.
```

> - **Enterprise plans:** By default, dbt assigns the `Owner` group an [`Account Admin`](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#account-admin) permission set, and the `Member` group an [`Admin`](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#admin) permission set.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Enterprise plans:** By default, dbt assigns the `Owner` group an [`Account Admin`](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#account-admin) permission set, and the `Member` group a `Member` permission set, which has privileges similar to the [`Admin`](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#admin) permission set.
```

> - **Enterprise plans:** By default, dbt assigns the `Owner` group an [`Account Admin`](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#account-admin) permission set, and the `Member` group a `Member` permission set, which has privileges similar to the [`Admin`](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#admin) permission set.

Reviewer: I don't see any "Member" permission sets? The one on the docs account has read-only permission set.

> - **Enterprise plans:** By default, dbt assigns the `Owner` group an [`Account Admin`](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#account-admin) permission set, and the `Member` group a `Member` permission set, which has privileges similar to the [`Admin`](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#admin) permission set.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Enterprise plans:** By default, dbt assigns the `Owner` group an [`Account Admin`](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#account-admin) permission set, and the `Member` group a `Member` permission set, which doesn't appear in the settings, but has the same privileges as the [`Admin`](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#admin) permission set.
```
